Major Update (#268)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/serverChannelExists.md

$serverChannelExists[channel ID]
```

### Parameters 

> -`Channel ID` `(Type : Snowflake,String || Flag : Emptiable)` : Returns `true` If could find the channel and `false` If couldn't find the channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Parameters 
- `channel ID` `(Type: Snowflake, String || Flag: Emptiable)`: Returns `true` if the channel exists and `false` overwise
```
